1. What is Software? What is Software Engineering?
-> It it a Part of Computer that we can not touch physically. We can just see it.
-> Software Engineering means how you can use your logic with computer programming and command 
your computer to perform that operation.

2. Explain types of Software?
-> 1) Application Software :- It is the Software package who perform specific operation of the user.
	eg:- Notepad,Zoom,Chrome,etc....
   2) System Software :- It is the Software package who comes default with the system or operating System.
	eg:- Notepad,Calculator,Settings,etc....
   3) Driver Software :- It is the Software package who comes with operating system for using to other hardware device.
	eg:- Headphone,Speaker,Mike,Camera,USB,etc....
   4) Middleware Software :- It is the Software who performs bridge operation or communicate with two application.
	1-> Database Middleware Software
	2-> server Middleware Software
   5) Programming Software :- It is the Software what we can use for programming or application development.
	eg:- dev c, c++ , Eclipse ,VS Code, etc....

3. What is SDLC?Explain each Phase of SDLC?
-> Software Development Life Cycle.
   There are 6 Phases of SDLC.
   1) Requirement Gathering
   2) Analysis
   3) Designing
   4) Programming / Coding
   5) Testing
   6) Maintainance

   1) Requirement Gathering :- On that phase we have to go to the market any find the customers once we find the customer.
                               we have to know requirement of the customer what they want to in his website or application.

   2) Analysis :- We have all the requirements of the customer. Now we have to analyse the market what is the scenario and
		  trend of the era.
   
   3) Designing :- We have to design the website forma like where is head, boxes, buttons, etc....

   4) Programming / Coding :- Now we have to Code or Program that site what we have desided to perform and design.

   5) Testing :- Once we had done the programming we have to test the Program quality.

   6) Maintainance :- We have to Debuge the errors and fix them.

4. what is DFD? Create a DFD diagram on Flipcart?
->  Data Flow Diagram.



5. What is Flowchart? Create a flowchart to make addition of two numbers.
-> Flowchart is defining the flow of information or flow of application responding.



   
   	